[DROOLS-7145] Drools 8 docs : Review drools-mvel and drools-engine-cl… (#4692)
kiegroup/drools: drools-docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/migration-guide/_traditional-to-ruleunit.adoc

  </dependencied>
----

> But since {PRODUCT} 7.45.0, `drools-engine` and `drools-engine-classic` have been introduced as aggregator dependencies. `drools-engine-classic` is deprecated with `drools-mvel` since {PRODUCT} 8. Hence, use `drools-engine`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But since {PRODUCT} 7.45.0, `drools-engine` and `drools-engine-classic` have been introduced as aggregator dependencies. The dependencies `drools-engine-classic`, `drools-mvel` are deprecated starting with {PRODUCT} 8. Hence, use `drools-engine`.
```

Author: Thanks!
